# Files explaination
Our trial includes 20 CFS patietns and 20 healthy controls.

### DPABISurf_Schaefer2018_400_Tian2020_54_Info
This is the 400 ROIs information of Schaefer template provided by DPABISurf.
### Features_ROI_60_info
This is the information about 60 features we selected from the 160000 ROIs.
### Features_ROI_60_OriginalData
This is the functional connectivity values of the 60 features, which has been processed by fisher Z translation.
The order of this 80 columns is: 20 patients before intervention, 20 healthy people before intervention, 20 patients after intervention, 20 healthy people after intervention.
### final_model
This is the final model built by RandomForest Classification.
### Schaefer400_ROIs_160000_PreIntervention
This is the original dataset (have been fisher Z translation) before intervention, columns 1-20 are CFS patients, columns 21-40 are healthy controls.
Each subject has 160000 values of functional connection via Shaefer400 template.
### Schaefer400_ROIs_160000_PostIntervention
This is the original dataset (have been fisher Z translation) after intervention, columns 1-20 are CFS patients, columns 21-40 are healthy controls.
Each subject has 160000 values of functional connection via Shaefer400 template.
### Validataion_Code
This can be performed in python3 to test our the predictive ability of our final model.
### x_train
This is the train dataset of 60 features generated by the shuffle split, the split ratio is 0.5. 
### x_test
This is the test dataset of 60 features generated by the shuffle split, the split ratio is 0.5. 
## Attention
The x_train and x_test are consisted of functional connections of 60 features of subjects before the intervention (20 patients and 20 healthy people).
